[THEME MUSIC]
>> RANDY ANDERSON: Just the
energy in the room when I walked
in it was uncomfortable.
Very ominous feeling,
sense of like something bad
was about to happen.
As I looked at it, the
objects above the podium
was metallic sphere.
And it was hovering
above the podium.
It looked strange.
Why am I seeing this?
What is this about?
Am I being tested?
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: Did
they mention anything about
the object to you?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, this is from
the craft that they've had since
1940s.
And that it was some kind
of control mechanism.
I noticed there was another
object the next section over.
And it was sitting
on a black table.
>> JOSH: Was there any
more detail to that?
>> ANDERSON: Like a
rectangular metal object.
As I'm looking at
it, I could see
symbols start to appear above
where that LCD screen was.
A hieroglyphic lettering,
but the strange thing
about the letters
were they were--
>> JOSH: Under hypnosis, you
thought that you were receiving
a message.
How do you feel about that?
Does that unlock
anything for you?
>> ANDERSON: I mean, it was
such a strange thing to witness.
>> JOSH: What if the most
advanced technologies on Earth
aren't just hidden,
they aren't even human?
Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we hypnotically regress.
Randy Anderson, a
former Green Beret
with access to some
of the military's most
restricted sites--
including area 51 and Crane--
to uncover missing time and
strange symbols buried deep
within his memory.
I'm Josh Golembeske, MUFON field
investigator and your guest host
today.
Randi, welcome to the show.
>> ANDERSON: Thanks, Josh.
>> JOSH: So you are a new
whistleblower breaking
into the space and your new
guest on Cosmic Disclosure.
Let's let the audience learn a
little bit about your background
before we get too deep.
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, sure thing.
I have a 20 year fireman
for the city of Las Vegas.
I joined the military after--
a little while after 9/11.
I wanted to do
something more to serve
my country and my community
as well so I ended up
becoming a Green Beret.
That's the path I
decided to take.
And did that for about 12 years
total military service time.
>> JOSH: So how did your
military experience connect
to these classified programs?
>> ANDERSON: It
was just a random--
seemed like, at
the time at least,
a random event that happened and
right place at the right time.
I got involved into a
training program that ended up
allowing us access,
me and one other guy,
access to a specific facility.
>> JOSH: OK, where were
you and what happened?
>> ANDERSON: So there's a
training course in Crane,
Indiana, the place
you mentioned.
And what we do there is go over
a lot of the SOCOM type weapon
systems that we use,
a lot of the handguns
and rifles and the SCAR,
different types of weapon
systems.
During that class, there was
me and another Green Beret
in that course.
Most of the guys in that course
are typically your armors
for your teams or armors
for special ops units.
And every once in a while, a guy
like me, a weapons specialist,
will get to go through
that course just
to get an extra
level of training.
There's also a lot of foreign
weapons technology that's
at Crane.
And they were talking a
little bit about that,
and we were learning a little
bit about some foreign weapons
stuff.
And they asked us
to stay after class,
if we could hang out after, and
we did, me and the other Green
Beret.
>> JOSH: Is there any particular
reason why they chose you?
>> ANDERSON: Well, I don't
know what the reason would be.
I think they were trying to see
how we react to the technology
that they showed us, but
that's just an estimate.
I still to this day don't know
why they took us under there.
>> JOSH: What did
you see down there?
Take me through it step by step.
>> ANDERSON: Yeah.
So the first thing
that was odd was
they took us into an
elevator, and we went down
for a significant
amount of floors, which
I couldn't calculate how many.
It just felt like we were
going down for a bit,
longer than normal.
Once we got on the ground,
we exited into a hallway.
And this was just-- the
whole thing felt strange
from the beginning.
I was a brand new
Green Beret at the time
so I wasn't going to
ask a lot of questions
or say anything, really.
I was just following
orders and--
>> JOSH: It was already unusual.
>> ANDERSON: It was
already unusual, yeah.
Me and the other guy were
looking at each other
and just wondering
what was going on.
And the two guys that brought
us underground to this facility
were guys that were
private contractors--
I found out later--
they were private contractors
that worked there,
but they're not part
of Crane specifically.
And they weren't part
of our training cadre.
So they were separate.
And they'd come to the class
after to link up with us
and bring us down there.
But, anyway, as we
got under there,
we went through a pretty
significant security checkpoint.
And that was the
next really odd thing
is I equate it to going
into a SCIF, which
the level of security is
pretty high because you're
going into a
facility where you're
going to be working with
highly sensitive material
and they don't want
anything coming in or out.
So it was that type
of level of security.
Went through a checkpoint, got--
took off all our electronics--
we call it sanitizing yourself,
take off all your electronics or
jewelry or anything that could
be used to carry information.
It gets left in a
lockbox and secured.
And then we went into the
next part of the facility.
That was a foreign weapons area.
That was a typical armorer cage.
They brought us into a
warehouse style room,
like a small warehouse.
And inside there they had
some foreign weapons tech
that we got to look at.
And they asked us
a couple questions
and showed us a
couple things there.
Then after that, we walked
down to the next part
of the facility.
They mentioned that we're
going to observe something
a little more significant.
I don't remember exactly
how they worded it,
but the mood kind of shifted
a little more serious.
>> JOSH: OK.
So what happened next?
>> ANDERSON: We went through
another security checkpoint,
and that was very odd because we
already went through this a high
level security checkpoint.
And then went into
another hallway
and walked up to a room that had
a placard on the wall and said,
Off World Technology.
>> JOSH: Really?
>> ANDERSON: Off World
Technology Division,
which was a weird thing.
That was something
that stood out to me.
I mean, not only
that it said that,
but then there was a placard
on the wall that said that.
That is one of the
things that made
me think we were
being messed with
or that we were being
evaluated for something.
So the room was probably
about maybe 30 feet long,
maybe 20 feet wide.
And there were two
cubicles that were facing
towards us as we entered.
And in that first cubicle,
there was an object and a podium
below it.
And as I looked at it, the
object above the podium
was a sphere, a metallic sphere.
And it was hovering
above the podium.
It was under it.
And there was
nothing in contact--
no contact between
those two things.
That was the first
thing that I noticed.
>> JOSH: So just a
pure metallic sphere.
Roughly how big?
>> ANDERSON: About the
size of a basketball.
>> JOSH: Was there anything else
about it or was it just pure
silver?
>> ANDERSON: It's
hard to describe.
And that's the thing,
it's hard to describe
because I've never seen anything
like it before or since.
And the way I can
best describe it is it
looked like a very pearlescent
type of look to the metal.
That's the best way I
can try to describe it.
It looked strange.
>> JOSH: You immediately, when
you looked at it, you were like,
this is--
>> ANDERSON: Yeah,
this is not human.
There's no way you could
look at that object
and not think it's strange.
>> JOSH: Did they say anything
about the sphere to you?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, we
talked a little bit.
Again, this was
the strange things
about this were how this was
very nonchalant for these two
guys.
And they were talking about
it very matter of factly.
I never seen anything
like this. so I was--
my whole-- everything in my
mind was just tripping out.
>> JOSH: So you had no previous
knowledge of UAPs or metallic
spheres or anything like that?
>> ANDERSON: Never been
exposed to anything like that.
Never cared about
anything like that.
>> JOSH: Wow, OK.
So how was your buddy reacting
to it that was there with you?
>> ANDERSON: We're
trained Green Berets.
We both acted very stoic
and cool about it, I mean,
but inside I was tripping out.
>> JOSH: I bet.
>> ANDERSON: Freaking
out a little bit.
>> JOSH: I bet.
>> ANDERSON: And wondering
also, why am I being--
why am I seeing this?
What is this about?
Am I being tested?
Honestly, I think at the
time what I was mostly
thinking was going on is
they were evaluating us
for something else, which is not
uncommon in special operations.
There are other units that
screened for people out of Green
Berets, Seals, Rangers.
So the way you get to
some of those higher units
is they'll come through
and look for guys.
>> JOSH: So they're testing
to see how you react.
>> ANDERSON: Potentially I
thought maybe it was something
like that.
Maybe to see if we can handle
something extreme or weird.
So I just assumed it was
probably something like that.
>> JOSH: Do you
remember what they said?
>> ANDERSON: When we first went
into the room and the initial
shock of seeing that
object had passed,
and they were talking about
it and the guy had asked
the question.
I didn't hear what he asked.
And he goes, yeah,
this is from the craft.
And then they've
had it since 1940s.
>> JOSH: Really?
>> ANDERSON: This is
what he mentioned.
And that it was some kind
of control mechanism.
>> JOSH: Was there anything
else about the sphere you want
to mention in that moment?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, it was just
the energy of the room when I
walked in it was uncomfortable.
Have you ever had the
feeling like something bad
was about to happen?
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> ANDERSON: Like in that eerie
feeling like something's going
to happen and then it does?
I would equate it to that.
I had a very ominous feeling,
a sense of something bad
was about to happen.
Nothing ever
happened, but it just
was an intense feeling of that.
>> JOSH: Can you please describe
what else you saw in the room?
>> ANDERSON: So we
walked down a little.
They started
walking ahead of us,
and we followed them
down a little further.
And I noticed there was another
object in the next section over.
And it was sitting on a
black table about three foot
off the ground.
>> JOSH: And what was it?
>> ANDERSON: Just a
rectangular metal object.
>> JOSH: What about it made it
seem anomalous or different,
or made you think--
>> ANDERSON: It was just
an odd looking object.
It was just oddly
shaped, oddly looking.
And the way the corners were--
I mean, it's
difficult to describe.
I'm pulling on a memory
from a while ago,
but it did have an
opening at the far,
as my viewpoint, the right side
of the object had an opening.
It looked like a place
you would reach in
to grab something or
pick it up is how I'm
best describe how it looked.
And then on top
of the object, it
had some type of I thought at
the time was like an LCD screen
or something on it.
And I just noticed because
we were-- our vantage
point was above it and so I had
kind of a top down angle of it.
And then the front of it
tapered down into a corner.
>> JOSH: OK.
Did they mention anything
about the object to you?
>> ANDERSON: They talked
a little bit about it.
Again, he was talking to
the other guy about it,
which seemed almost
set up, as a way
to give us-- to give out--
to put out the information.
I think that's
what it felt like.
>> JOSH: Sure.
>> ANDERSON: But he was talking
to him about it and said that
this was something that was
recovered from the same craft,
and that it was something
that had discharged energy
and injured somebody at the
time when they recovered it.
>> JOSH: And is there
any more detail to that?
>> ANDERSON: No.
I remember him talking about
it because the guy said,
wasn't somebody hurt?
And he said somebody
was injured or killed.
I don't know if they
were injured or killed,
but somebody was affected by the
energy that discharged off it
when they tried to
remove it from the site.
That's when I noticed sort of
looked like heat waves coming
off the object.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> ANDERSON: You know how when
you look through binoculars
and you see you're looking
at terrain and you can see
the waves of heat
coming off the ground?
It sort of started to look
like that above the object.
And I focused in on it, and
I looked at my fellow Green
Beret and the other
guys in the room,
and they were still talking--
the two guys were still
talking about the object.
And the guy I was with was just
looking at the object like me,
and didn't appear that he
noticed anything about it odd.
And I noticed that and thought,
is there a heating mechanism
or something going on with it?
And as I'm looking
at it, I could
see symbols start to appear
above where that LCD screen was.
>> JOSH: Symbols?
>> ANDERSON: Yes, like
hieroglyphic lettering.
But the strange thing
about the letters,
they were real crisp,
almost inky black.
Almost like a dark
ink, but very crisp.
You can make out what
they were very clear.
But there's nothing I'd ever
seen, no symbols I'd never
seen before that.
>> JOSH: So from what I
understand, these symbols,
you've done some
sketches of them.
Can you show us those sketches?
Can you talk us through it?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, sure.
So I recall the best
I could from memory.
I'd say the first
several of the ones
that I remember the
clearest and then tried
to get as much as
I could with it.
These are as close as I can
pull from memory what I saw.
What was odd about
them is how they were--
the symbols weren't solid.
They were shifting
between these symbols.
So there was probably about,
I would say, six or seven
in a row.
And they were
transitioning between--
they would just phase in
and out at different times,
like alternating.
They had asked us
again what we thought,
if we noticed anything odd.
And everything
about this was odd,
but I didn't mention
to them that I
saw the symbols at the time.
>> JOSH: Really?
You were playing
stoic, like you thought
it was a test so you weren't
going to give them anything.
>> ANDERSON: Well, that and I
was also wondering if anybody--
if nobody else was seeing it,
maybe I shouldn't say anything.
It definitely felt
as if the device
was communicating in some way.
>> JOSH: To you or
just in general?
>> ANDERSON: Not consciously,
but it was almost like it was
displaying that--
from my vantage point, it was
displayed perfectly for me
to see.
>> JOSH: And your partner
who was down there with you,
they never mentioned
the symbols at all?
>> ANDERSON: Nobody else-- from
what I can gather from my time
in that room is nobody else
seen what I saw off that object.
>> JOSH: What do
you make of that?
>> ANDERSON: I don't know.
And I assumed at the
time that I would--
I'd get a debrief about it or
we'd do something more with this
and I'd get answers
to that at some point,
and I never got
anything else from that.
But I also didn't tell
anybody that I seen it so they
didn't-- if they were evaluating
us to see if we had a reaction
to the technology, I did.
I had a reaction
to the technology.
I just didn't tell them that.
Another strange thing
about this incident for me
is I have a very good recall.
I was also a sniper.
My memory about incidents
is very clear to me
all the way back from
my time in the service.
This particular
incident, strangely,
is very difficult
for me to recall.
I really have to dig and think
hard to get simple details back.
>> JOSH: Do you think that
something happened to you
afterwards?
Were they purposely
repressed that memory,
or do you think it was because
of something about the room
and the situation did it to you?
>> ANDERSON: I'm not sure.
And that's one of
the reasons why
I wanted to try maybe hypnosis
to see if there is a way
to figure some of that Out.
>> JOSH: Randy, you were
hypnotically regressed by Sarah
Breshman Cosme.
How did that go for you?
>> ANDERSON: It was interesting.
And there's parts of it I
don't remember, but most of it
I think I remember.
>> SARAH BRESHMAN COSME:
And as you exhale,
just release any tension,
any worries, any thoughts.
Can I please speak directly with
your higher self now, please?
Can I speak directly
with your higher self?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah.
>> JOSH: At one point
during the regression,
Sarah started communicating with
your higher self to try to pull
out more information
about these symbols.
Do you remember any of that?
>> ANDERSON: No.
>> JOSH: OK, let's take a look.
>> COSME: Can you tell me
more about these symbols?
Can you tell me the meaning
behind these symbols?
>> ANDERSON: It's a language.
>> COSME: Where does
this language come from?
>> ANDERSON: Orion.
There is a connection
for him there.
It's a family type
connection, my history.
It's part of where he's from.
Spent many lifetimes in that
area as with the Orion group.
He's fighting in a galactic war.
>> COSME: Tell me about that.
>> ANDERSON: Orion is
another star system.
They're conquering
that region of space
and he's a warrior
for that group.
His DNA was causing a
reaction with the device.
>> COSME: How does that work?
>> ANDERSON: DNA encodes
all of your lifetimes.
It's a record.
The technology was
reacting with his DNA.
It recognized that he was there.
The device was just powering
on, a type of defense weapon.
A sort of protection for
the craft and the crew.
We call it like an
electromagnetic pulse type
of output, high energy output.
The operator can integrate with
this, an AI type technology,
but much more advanced.
Just connecting
to you consciously
and you can control the output.
>> COSME: And so how did they
get that technology in that
underground base?
>> ANDERSON: It was from a
retrieval program or something
they have.
Oh, yes, a craft
that was brought down
from another species apart.
They have no conflict and
the craft was brought down.
And the military
recovered that craft,
and that was one of
the items from it.
>> COSME: And could the military
actually use this technology?
>> ANDERSON: That's
what they want to do.
>> COSME: Can you tell me
more about the symbols?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, this is so--
this is a device
was coming online
and it was displaying this
code, rudimentary code.
But he was a--
again, an operator would know
how to read that of what state
the device was in.
It's a conscious integration.
It's like a meditative state
and you can control the device.
>> COSME: And what is
the point of the symbols?
What do the symbols mean
exactly when they show up?
>> ANDERSON: It's splitting
saying the device is powering
on.
It was running
through a sequence.
>> COSME: Do the symbols have
any specific meaning in any way?
>> ANDERSON: It's a
language of the Orion group.
It's their-- an
alphabet of theirs.
>> COSME: So it was just
telling him the status of this
particular--
>> ANDERSON: Yes.
>> COSME: --instrument.
OK.
>> ANDERSON: Can
we take a second?
>> JOSH: Oh, absolutely, buddy.
>> ANDERSON: Sorry.
>> JOSH: Yeah, take a second.
>> ANDERSON: This is about me.
>> JOSH: Do you want to
step off set for a second?
>> ANDERSON: I'm shaky.
>> JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
Take a break, dude.
Take a break.
Yeah, yeah.
No, take it longer
than a second.
That was--
>> ANDERSON: That
was weird, man.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
>> COSME: Was this a
psyop, do you feel?
Or was this
legitimate experience?
>> ANDERSON: Combination.
It's real artifacts, and
they were seeing if--
they know that there
are people that
react to some of the
technology, and they
were trying to identify
people that would potentially
react with that technology.
They wanted him to explain
if he had seen anything,
and he didn't say that
he did so that's why.
>> COSME: I see.
>> ANDERSON: They were trying to
figure out where they could pull
people from that
would react with it.
They were seeing if there was a
common thread of certain types
of people that reacted to it.
>> COSME: And can you scan or
look and see if other people
have reacted to it and
have shown your reaction?
OK.
>> ANDERSON: And they know that.
>> COSME: So what would have
happened had he shown that he
reacted to it and he told them?
>> ANDERSON: What could have
happened was what they do
sometimes, they bring him
into a different program.
That's maybe good, maybe
bad, but that's not
what he's here to do anyway.
So it's good that they didn't.
There was an effort to
prevent that from happening.
>> COSME: What was the effort
that was preventing this?
>> ANDERSON: To make sure he
didn't say that he saw anything
is probably why he
felt so uncomfortable.
>> COSME: Thank you.
>> JOSH: Randy,
just to be clear,
you don't remember any of that?
>> ANDERSON: No.
>> JOSH: Let's just
start with you.
Like, what happened to you?
What triggered you to have
to step away for a second?
>> ANDERSON: I just
don't remember that part.
I don't remember most
of it pretty, clear
what I thought was most of it.
Just that part I don't
remember it's weird to watch.
>> JOSH: Is it more about not
remembering or is it more about
what you said?
>> ANDERSON: That too, both.
It's weird to watch, man.
It's hard to watch.
>> JOSH: Let's just start with
one of the more interesting
things.
You mentioned that you had DNA
connected to the Orion star
system, or the Orion
people, or an ET race.
Does that resonate
with you at all,
or is that something
at all that you've
thought about in the past or?
>> ANDERSON: I never
thought about it.
I don't even know
what that means.
>> JOSH: You also mentioned
that the device activated
because of you, tied to
your DNA, which makes sense.
So if you were the only person
who saw it, that kind of lines
up, you know what I mean?
You mentioned you're the
only one who could see it,
and then now your
higher self is saying
that your DNA is
from the Orion system
and this device may have been
activated because of your DNA.
Do you think that's why you
were brought in that room maybe?
>> ANDERSON: I guess.
I mean, maybe they were trying
to see who had a reaction to it,
but I don't know--
personally know
anything about how
that would work or have never
been exposed to anything
like this, so I'm not sure.
>> JOSH: The other thing she
mentioned was a past life,
which was fascinating.
A previous lifetime in
the Orion belt that where
you were a warrior.
I mean, I think it's
safe to say you're
a warrior in this lifetime.
What would you think of that?
>> ANDERSON: That's crazy, man.
It's out there, I don't know.
>> JOSH: Have you ever had
to talked about the concept
or studied reincarnation
or any of those?
>> ANDERSON: No, no.
>> JOSH: So that
was just new to you.
That's not something you
said, that you've ever talked
about before with anyone?
>> ANDERSON: Never.
>> JOSH: One of the other things
you mentioned in that clip was
the symbols you were seeing
were like a code or the Orion
language.
It's almost like a startup
code, you kind of mentioned,
for the device.
>> ANDERSON: As a Green Beret,
we do typically have fluency
in multiple languages.
And I'm fluent in
several languages.
That makes sense
to me that it could
be an alphabet of a
language, type of language.
I definitely thought that at
some point when I seen it.
But, I mean, as you
know I didn't verbalize
that when we spoke about it,
so that coming out of that's
interesting to me because I
do remember thinking that.
>> JOSH: All right.
You also your higher
self mentioned
that that wasn't your destiny.
You didn't use the word
destiny, but that was
not what you're supposed to do.
How does that make you feel?
>> ANDERSON: Did I say purpose?
>> JOSH: Yeah, your purpose.
Do you feel like that
resonates with you?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, I guess now
but there's a lot to take in.
>> JOSH: Yeah, I know.
I know.
>> ANDERSON: I don't know, man.
>> JOSH: Take your time.
>> ANDERSON: You gotta
drink that one down.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
Well, it seems like
you have-- you're
filled with purpose these days.
You're part of the
Disclosure Movement.
You're coming forward against
odds, you're being courageous.
It looks like you were debriefed
and told not to talk about it,
but you're doing it anyways.
It seems like you're
living a life of purpose.
It seems like your higher
self had a different--
or you had a different plan
for yourself and you were
supposed to dodge that.
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, I think
I had said something about--
whatever higher self said.
I forget how it was
said, said that that's
why I felt so uncomfortable.
And I really felt uncomfortable.
I was hoping to get
out of the regression
some of the key details that I
have a hard time remembering,
I didn't expect all that.
>> JOSH: Where do you think
this leads for you and humanity
in general?
>> ANDERSON: Well, I think
the important part of just
the little piece of the story
that's mine is that they
potentially had off world
technology since the 1940s,
at least from what I was
told about this incident,
and that the government
has known about that.
And that sometimes people like
me are exposed to this stuff,
and there's more
of us out there.
And so I think as we move
forward with all this
that's going on now,
hopefully, the truth
comes out and more
people like me
are vindicated for what we're
talking about and the risk we're
taking to do so.
>> JOSH: How do you think it's
going to impact the world?
>> ANDERSON: Hopefully
in a positive way.
I mean, to realize
we're not alone is--
kind of should change the
way we look at ourselves.
>> JOSH: What are
you going to do next?
I imagine you're
still on mission
to help disclose this
information, what
are your plans?
>> ANDERSON: Yeah, just possibly
getting more involved with
the community of disclosure and
helping this process happen.
>> JOSH: Wonderful.
Well, again, Randy, thank
you for your service.
Thank you for coming
forward with this story.
I know how hard that is.
Hopefully you are an inspiration
for more men and women like you
to come forward.
We need it to happen.
This is the age of disclosure,
so thank you so much for that.
>> ANDERSON: Thanks, Josh.
Appreciate it.
>> JOSH: All right.
Thank you for joining us.
My name is Josh Golembeske.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
[THEME MUSIC]